hi everyone and welcome back to cook and
share today in this episode we're making
up a really tasty dish than just about
everybody lumps spaghetti and meatballs
this is a great alternative to
traditional spaghetti with meat sauce so
let's get started to start making the
meatballs mince the onions next add the
ground beef to a bowl now add the onions
the breadcrumbs Parmesan cheese
werster's of sauce now if you don't have
this you can use soy sauce crush garlic
milk the egg seasoned with salt pepper
Tabasco or chilli sauce now using your
hands mix until everything is well
combined this recipe also makes
fantastic burgers after everything is
nicely combined scoop up about two
tablespoons of the mixture and roll it
into a round ball about the size of a
golf ball set the meatballs aside and
repeat this process for the rest of the
mixture
you can also set these aside in the
fridge of the freezer and use them
whenever you need them next add some
cooking oil to a preheated pan place the
meatballs in and fry them in batches
over medium heat until all sides are
nicely browned once the meatballs are
nicely browned remove them from the pan
and set them aside on a plate lined with
a paper towel
next begin making the sauce by adding
some cooking oil to a preheated pan add
in the onions the garlic
and saute until they're soft and
fragrant next add your favorite pasta
sauce a little bit of water seasoned
with basil add the sugar
pepper
the bell peppers
stir until everything is well
incorporated and bring it to a boil
after a boil remove the lid and place
the meatballs in cover it once again and
allow it to simmer over low heat
stirring occasionally for 20 to 30
minutes 10 minutes before the sauce is
finished simmering cook your spaghetti
according to package instructions once
the meatballs are cooked turn off the
heat and you're ready to serve to serve
this add some sauce over the cooked
pasta
play some meatballs over the top and
sprinkle with Parmesan cheese or the
cheese of your choice and here is our
incredibly delicious spaghetti and
meatballs your family's going to love
this for the full details of this recipe
visit our website and remember you can
always share your recipe with us until
next time have a wonderful day and enjoy